prj/docs/README.adoc, before:

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

    Copyright (c) 2020, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
    Licensed under the Universal Permissive License v 1.0 as shown at
    http://oss.oracle.com/licenses/upl.

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

= Coherence Documentation Module

== Coherence Documentation Module

This is the module that builds the Coherence documentation.
The module is not part of the default build and must be built separately.

=== Build the Docs

To build the docs run the following Maven command from the top-level `prj/` directory:

[source,shell]
----
mvn clean install -DskipTests -P docs -pl docs
----

=== View the Docs

To view the documentation to see what it looks like after building run the following command from the top-level `prj/` directory:

[source,shell]
----
mvn exec:exec -P docs -pl docs
----

NOTE: This requires Python to be installed and runs a small Pythin http server from the directory where the docs
have been built to.

Commit message:

manually apply PR 14 for geetha (merge ce/main -> ce/14.1.1.0 @ 79440)
[git-p4: depot-paths = "//dev/coherence-ce/release/coherence-ce-v14.1.1.0/": change = 79441]

prj/docs/README.adoc, after:

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
    Copyright (c) 2000, 2020, Oracle and/or its affiliates.

    Licensed under the Universal Permissive License v 1.0 as shown at
    http://oss.oracle.com/licenses/upl.
///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
= Coherence Documentation Module

This is the module that builds the Coherence documentation.
The module is not part of the default build and must be built separately.

=== Build the Docs

To build the docs, run the following Maven command from the top-level `prj/` directory:

[source,shell]
----
mvn clean install -DskipTests -P docs -pl docs
----

=== View the Docs

To view the documentation after building it, run the following command from the top-level `prj/` directory:

[source,shell]
----
mvn exec:exec -P docs -pl docs
----

NOTE: The installation requires you to install Python, which runs a small Pythin http server from the directory where the docs
are built.
